# TKMM v2.1.0: Full Changelog

Download from the [official website](https://tkmm.org/downloads/) or use the in-app auto updater.

**Full GitHub history since last update**: [v2.0.0...v2.1.0](https://github.com/TKMM-Team/Tkmm/compare/v2.0.0...v2.1.0)

## Changes

- Errors due to invalid merge output are now logged
- Added cheats for TotK 1.4.3
- Updated caches/resources for TotK 1.4.3
- Added a BFRES material updater (shaders have changed in TotK version 1.4.0 and some materials no longer worked).
- When a mod is found to have multiple installable sources inside an archive, all of them will be installed as mod options, allowing you to select which part of the mod you want to install.
- Internet checks are now more reliable (it should no longer incorrectly detect that the internet connection is unavailable).
- When mods include an ELink or an SLink file, this will be indicated by an icon next to the mod's name. Multiple mods editing SLink, or multiple mods editing ELink means they are incompatible.
- Updated Chinese and Simplified Chinese translations (thanks to carbonatedtea).
- TKMM now fully verifies if a file is vanilla on any TotK version using checksums before storing it or building a changelog.
- Added tracking for removed GameDataList entries.
- Added binary diffs for all GameDataList versions to ensure perfect changelogs.
- Added the ability to use subkeys as identifiers for BYML arrays by using a period in the key name.
- `HornTypeAndAttachmentMapping` BYML arrays now use two identifiers for changelogs * (`AttachmentName` and `HornBoneName`) [fixes [#161](https://github.com/TKMM-Team/Tkmm/issues/161)]
- `OverrideASEventReactSettings` BYML arrays now use two identifiers for changelogs * (`Key` and `Intensity`) [fixes [#168](https://github.com/TKMM-Team/Tkmm/issues/168)]
- `OverrideReactionVerbSettings` BYML arrays now use two identifiers for changelogs * (`KeyActionVerb` and `Setting.OverrideActionVerb`) [fixes [#168](https://github.com/TKMM-Team/Tkmm/issues/168)]

(*) requires changelog rebuild

## Fixes

- [citical] Do not attempt immediate cleanup of the folder when changing the merge output [fixes [#162](https://github.com/TKMM-Team/Tkmm/issues/162)]
- Mod thumbnails will no longer be permanently overwritten with the default TKMM image when it fails to resolve them with no internet.
- TKMM will no longer fail to analyze game folders on yuzu-based emulators if it incorrectly contains a folder like `D:\System Volume Information` in the list.
- The rom builder will ignore errors on corrupted games that are not TotK in the `Nintendo/Contents` folder of the SD card.
- Fixed a bug where the GameDataList changelog builder would use the mod GDL version to lookup vanilla entries.
- Fixed a bug where the updater would fail to find the new TKMM executable after extracting the archive.
- Fixed a bug where the updater would fail to launch the new executable after updating before closing TKMM (due to the new instance attempting to attach to the current one).

## Looking for Developers

If you are interested in contributing or simply helping with the development of TKMM in general, do not hesitate to submit a PR on [GitHub](https://github.com/TKMM-Team/Tkmm), or join our [discord server](https://tkmm.org/discord) and let us know how you think you could help.

Obviously, a decent knowledge of C# and/or general programming will be needed. TKMM is written entirely in C# and AXAML (Avalonia eXtensible Application Markup Language, for the UI).

As it stands, we do not have a lot of free time to work on this project, so the commits are pretty slow, and we would love if someone with a passion for the project would be happy to step in.

## Support the project

TKMM is a project built by a small but dedicated team who care very much about making modding Tears of the Kingdom accessible. In order to support our community, we are paying for a custom domain name and a server. 

All of these costs, are currently covered out of our own pockets. Although the cost is minimal, the ongoing expenses add up over time, and if you find this project helpful, or would just like to show appreciation for the work we do, we would sincerely appreciate your support. Even a small donation helps cover the costs of server uptime, web infrastructure, as well as allows for further improvements, new features, and better reliability. 

Additionally, we need your help so that Aster can keep buying toasters. We intend to buy all the toasters in the world to make our regards as warm as possible, at each and every anouncement.

If you would like to help sustain the project, or simply say "thank you" to the developers, we have reopened our [Ko-Fi](https://ko-fi.com/tkmmteam) and [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/tkmmteam) for donations. Your support directly encourages further development. We are deeply grateful for any and all contributions, no matter the amount. Thank you for being part of our community!

*Warmest regards,*<br>*The TKMM Team*